I have seen His Royal Highness the King of Shots
He is actually the king of shooting
It's over, didn't I hit the muzzle?
What are you doing?
Hurry up and meet His Royal Highness the Regent
Met His Royal Highness King Celestial
Seen uncle
Uncle, what are you doing here?
I heard that this king's woman was bullied
The king came specially to marry him
Your woman Jiang Wanyun
Uncle Huang, you and Jiang Wanyue are really right
When did I become his?
Uncle knows what he is talking about
Jiang Wanyue is the princess of her aunt
Who gave you the courage to point a finger at this king?
See that your engagement has been annulled
Why did you cross the decree of Father Zhang to annul the marriage?
Just because this king is your uncle and the sheren of Dongli
King
Auntie is the prince of the dynasty
You're just a waste now
The king is here
It only takes one sword to kill you